Reflect name change from balena VPN to cloudlink (#2326)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/welcome/concepts.md

### Base image

A specific combination of a Linux distribution and additional packages, used as the base operating environment for a service.

### Cloudlink

> Previously called {{ $names.company.lower }}VPN, Cloudlink is the connection that allows {{ $names.company.lower }} to have to have a secure tunnel to a device. This uses openVPN as an underlying technology to provide features like ssh access, the public device URL and the web terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously called {{ $names.company.lower }}VPN, this is the connection that allows {{ $names.cloud.lower }} to have a secure tunnel to the device. This feature in balenaCloud uses openVPN as an underlying technology to enable other features like SSH access, the public device URL, and the web terminal.
```

Nitpick: How about we link all 3 features in the end so someone reading this for the first time can figure what these are.

Author: done, thanks @vipulgupta2048

> Previously called {{ $names.company.lower }}VPN, Cloudlink is the connection that allows {{ $names.company.lower }} to have to have a secure tunnel to a device. This uses openVPN as an underlying technology to provides us features like ssh access, the public device URL and the web terminal. 

Author: thanks @lurch !
